Job Description:

Senior Associate Channel Development

Location:

Remote, MN, USA

Our mission is to unlock human potential. We welcome you for who you are, the background you bring, and we embrace individuals who get excited about learning. Bring your experiences, your perspectives, and your passion; it’s in our differences that we empower the way the world learns.

About the Role:

As a Channel Development Senior Associate, you'll play a crucial role in expanding our Partner and Certified Practitioner networks. You’ll work with independent coaches, consultants, and internal practitioners who wish to become certified to use our Everything DiSC® and The Five Behaviors® learning solutions.

At Wiley, we empower individuals to thrive in their careers through our industry-leading assessment-based products. We’re looking for a motivated, consultative sales professional with 5-7 years of sales experience to engage and nurture leads for our certification and partnership offerings. This is your opportunity to make a real impact in a dynamic team that values creativity, autonomy, and collaboration.

How you will make an impact:

Respond to inbound inquiries from both independent coaches/consultants and internal practitioners within larger organizations. Understand their goals and recommend the most suitable certification and product packages through consultative sales calls.
Work with your leadership to stand up an enterprise sales and service capability within the broader Channel Development function
Clearly articulate the value of our products based on each lead’s specific needs and guide them through the sales funnel.
Manage a large sales pipeline of high-value relationships through timely engagement and maintaining interest of leads through best practices for engagement.
Work independently while leveraging the support of high-performing peers. Take ownership of your approach to driving sales and finding new opportunities.
Be part of a fun, results-oriented team that celebrates both individual and team achievements.
 
What we look for:

Bachelors’ degree with proven success in consultative sales, and a strong track record of meeting of exceeding sales goals.
Success with enterprise sales and support for B2B accounts.
Ability to connect with people and understand their needs, building strong, trusting relationships.
Ability to blend of consultative sales skills and a focus on delivering exceptional service.
Ability to craft compelling stories and summarize complex information to meet client needs.
Thrive in an autonomous environment, while balancing urgency with patience to drive long-term results.
Collaborative approach with a focus on achieving both individual and collective goals.
Driven to understand client challenges deeply and craft tailored solutions.
Willing to push through challenges and setbacks while staying focused on long-term success.
Comfortable using technology and open to learning new tools and platforms.
Ability to attend up to three trade shows annually, with occasional light lifting (up to 30 lbs).

Salary Range:

58,000 USD to 86,000 USD